[Music] It
was just that or that girl doesn't have the
right to
live and not be condemned by her own
mother we're talking about rage Forgive the rage they
had on one side but for me
Rocio Carrasco apart from everything she has
suffered has shown me again that
she has a war and an internal rage
towards that person that she takes down on that path
[Applause]
But that is nothing new it has not been
done as is literally
let's see in the first place for me
Rocio Carrasco
has never prioritized
at the time that she had the new partner she has
never prioritized her motherhood her
life as a mother for me In my opinion
She has always prioritized her new
boyfriend in her boyfriend's life we ​​travel we come we
enter I am alone with my
noodles with my Fidel that motherhood I
go with my children here I go
with my children there my son
first no no she first Fidel and
then the children and
even Sofia Thank you for renewing she she
has a grudge against Antonio David and a
hatred and that
dries it with Antonio David
and I believe Fidel too for what
Carmele said okay  let's remember what
Carmelec said now I'm going to put it
but I think it's already taken to move
forward, let it be
Zaira, take whoever it is
for one day Antonio David if he has to go
forward let it be except
Fidel he takes him the day he takes his
children forward he takes him And if it
has to cost him whatever it is whatever it
is
I know of cases where that's how it is just the
same
I don't want to take my life because my
daughter is
defending her father I wanted to take my life the moment they threatened to take me away okay [Laughter] Look at the branch looking up looking up Look at the face Look at the face of the rabago that my daughter defends her father I wanted to take off plane the moment they
threatened to take me away
What are you telling me Well then you
're there debating showing your face
all day long like it's like they
're telling me like what are you
telling me but if you're there all day long
showing your face because you were even
getting angry with Antonio Rossi because
Antonio Rosi  would tell the truth of what
he heard
but look at what
Raquel Bollo is saying is that it is the whole truth
wait let's listen to the beginning
again
and not be condemned by her own mother
we are talking about rage Forgive the rage they
had it on one side but for me Rocío
Carrasco apart from everything she has
suffered she has shown me again that she has
a war and an internal rage towards that
person who on that path takes down
whoever it may be whoever it may be because saying
one thing is what I am talking about I do not
want to take my life because my daughter
is defending the father I wanted to take my
life the moment they threatened to take me away
look you are that as is I
mean you are supposed to have experienced
physical aggressions being left on the
beach and having to come back in all the
heat and with a belly walking alone being cheated on I
don't know how many
times being pregnant but not even
where they have to go Don't miss the
contempt with which Isabel r listens to
Raquel's story Like someone who hears it rain
but it's what I am telling you I mean  you have
lived through a ton of episodes they cheat on you
a ton of times getting
pregnant it gets on you and you want to commit
suicide or rather so insulted every time
you went to pick up the children or every
time they came to pick him up
your mother died
your father died in a seat No
wait
the father died in a
car accident How did Paris die that I always
always get it wrong with that the father
died in a car accident it wasn't
in the family I
always get mixed up with the same old thing I believe
because I always believe it's one because of the
heart attack but because I'm always wrong
about the car accident because he had
a big car accident no
but because I'm always wrong about the
car accident It always happens to me
because I had a big accident no
what he said take the car doing that
clear the next strong one always my
son eh I don't know why I don't
know why I
always mix up and the story but well
the father dies with a heart attack the
mother dies of cancer and you want to commit
suicide because your daughter because you see that
your daughter goes to Big Brother to defend the
father as a contestant
that is not to say that the daughter  go
defend him against her no no he's
going to defend him from Big Brother
It's weird no At least no
look look at this progressive today on life on
Viva la Vida This is one that
I've seen several times because it comes out here
with Twitch supporting María Patiño eh the
level says today on Viva la Vida we have
learned from the hand of Dr.
Raquel Bollo
and denier of gender violence
Raquel Bollo where they have to go and
that they never tell her son by
name they did
n't fall for that
denier of gender violence to
Raquel Bollo man these people are already called
deniers if you don't believe Rocío
Carrasco you are a denier Even if you
are a victim of abuse
[Music]
Even if you are a victim aware but
the owner of gender violence of
Rocío Carrasco
eh guys are a spectacle eh
They are spectacles these people
are spectacle
But I will not allow you to
repeat it about my daughter as I had already
told once it is not necessary 40 times or
the life of this girl alone has been that or
that  girl has no right to
live and not be condemned by her own
mother we speak of rage Forgive the anger
but I will not allow you to
repeat it about my daughter as I had already
said once it is not necessary 40 times of
course either the life of this girl alone has
been that or that girl has no right to
live and not be pensioned but not me
where do they have to give you want a clip
from 19 with which you are going to enjoy
yes I want it Of course
you put it all
Look at this one with the Avatar let's see what
the show they are putting on says Diego
arrabal Kiko Matamoros Raquel mosquera
Raquel bollo elmar García Marisa Martín
is a guard player Ana Bernal
triviño
look at her
and the day that she speaks well of Ana Bernal
triviño tell you well who she defends
how they defend her and the things she covers
I think if a penny from the
media but not me where do they have to
give what Raquel does not have something to do
with the frog face operation as they already
went to Benito's house maybe Raquel
was also a face file folder
of a frog and no longer has a face screaming
in fear to speak I
don't know daughter I
don't know
[Music]
debates don't touch that subject now
putting that subject aside because today they could have
done better than me putting
that subject aside I didn't give my children
up to take the father away
the people who today put on a medal
the people who put on
medals today for defending abuse have
been my directors
and they have brought a man
against me
It's that the television factory doesn't
care about gender violence it makes a
business using
gender violence but it makes me laugh a lot
people like this well people
like this like the ninth and people like
this from Matarrosa
defending those from the television factory
as if they were really doing a
job for gender violence and I
understand that those people don't care about
gender violence nor are they that aware
they are not trying to raise awareness or
anything
comes out it comes in handy This this year and with that
speech and that's it
Sorry for the anger they had it on
one side but I am the mother of
Rocío Flores and I am going for Antonio
David  but I won't allow you to
repeat it about my daughter, I
've already told her once, no need 40
times or life
putting on a face but she's not capable of
responding with logic Flores and I'm
going after Antonio David but I won't
allow you to repeat it about my
daughter again, I had already told her once as
if it's not necessary that
girl doesn't have the right to
live and not be condemned by her own
mother we're talking about rage Forgive the rage they
had on one side but for me
Rocío Carrasco apart from everything she has
suffered has shown me again that she
has a war and an internal rage
towards that person who on that path
takes down
more María patín and less Raquel bollo
exercise oysters José Antonio from the
documentation notebook
they did that because they decided to look the
other way Jorge because it doesn't
interest him but that it doesn't interest him what he
has no empathy with a person who
shows pain Who doesn't do it that I
still hear that I'm still
listening to my colleagues I still
hear my colleagues let's
listen to Rocío Flores' version for
God's sake  I ask please that it is written
since March 2016
we took your son I do not take my life
because my daughter is going to defend the father
who is going to defend the neighbor will have to
defend the one who raised her but I
was immersed
what I tell myself they would already be texting
that the messages they put about how if you have
suffered abuse it descends to you to
a person who has been abused who
should have hit more position of
kind of messages are the
messages that feminists send you eh
the messages that feminists send you that
are so literal that they are like that
man Because
yes yes yes yes yes that is how they
are my mother
and another Moreno
an accomplice that that lady
that they brought you to my place
enormous does not care about
gender violence a [ __ ] [ __ ] is that she does
not care of course Olga accomplice
but Carmen gahona is put face to
face so that she debates with Raquel bollo
what review has she given them
Forgive the people who put a medal
wow
do not touch that subject but if it is that
more  clear water but if it isn't that look
if it isn't that they haven't taken Raquel
Bollo to her abuser to do a
face to face in a debate and they have
hired him and they have taken him to reality they have
taken Germain that is not that
Pepe Navarro has a sentence
Pepe Navarro has a sentence that is from
the time and date
of the times in which osito
is telling these experiences and Pepe
Navarro has a sentence and they were
negotiating with him to make a documentary
to throw [ __ ] at Ivonne Reyes
and Carlota Corredera was talking to
him for 20 minutes that it's not that they have no
shame It's that to me it's not that they
have no shame, it's not that they
have no shame, it's that
what they defend and those who are
supporting people like Carlota Corredera
that
when I see youtubers tweeters
or people from Twitter
applauding Carlota Corredera and
Bernal Triviño as if they were
champions of reason, champions of
violence against women or things like that,
my balls drop like a dick
a dick
I would like to bring Anabel here on the
triviño and tell you guys if you
find her in an interview or in a
chat or something like that not where you
can ask her
ask her to her face and she has to
answer Hey Ana
you who put Carlota corredera on an
altar against gender violence
what do you think about the fact that Carlota
corredera herself has been the director of the
program and they wanted to put
Raquel bollo face to face with her ex-husband in a debate or on a program
Or what do you think about the fact that your friend Carlota
corredera the other day spent 20 minutes
talking
with Pepe Navarro who has a sentence
Or what do you think about the
television factory where you have been working Ana
Bernal triviño has been working for a
few months eh there Guay what do you
think about the television factory
while you have been working
in that in that production company Anabella
Treviño what do you think that they were
negotiating with Pepe Navarro
a docuseries to throw [ __ ] at
Ivonne Reyes what  what do you think is that I would
love to see her answer
I would love to see her answer
if you ask her that question Ana Bernal
Triviño you know what she is going to answer you I
know her very well
all her untiña and everyone around her
if you ask her that question Anabel Triviño
at some point
if you ask it to her on social media she is going to
block
because I only want an
echo chamber in which only the reality
that suits them exists and the
testimonies that suit them
because they are business and friends point
interests okay victims they don't give
a [ __ ] [ __ ] okay if you ask her the
question on social media she is not going to answer and you ask it to her
in another area direct
programs or whatever she is going to call you
denialist or harassers
harassers sexists she is
never going to answer you she is
never going to answer
because the answer would be well that we are
hypocrites and we don't give a
[ __ ] [ __ ] the victims
we are a [ __ ] [ __ ] of hypocrisy
we are a [ __ ] [ __ ] no sorry that does not
mean we have a [ __ ] [ __ ] of
hypocrisy I'm wrong we have a
[ __ ] [ __ ] hypocrisy
we were silent those of us who have before
the before the childhood were murdered in Sant Joan
de pi for hurting the mother the
father
business and school everything and to wash the image
of some and others that's it that's what they do
with they use they use
feminism and they use the true
victims and a hairspray like
gender violence they use it to wash the face
of their schools so that they look good
depending on what interests them
now putting that subject aside that today that
they could have done better than me
putting that subject aside I don't follow
ahead to take the father I
take the father to my children
already but for that you have to love your
children
for that you have to love your children
and now they're messing with
Raquel Bollo's clothes okay look
how tacky Raquel Bollo's clothes are that they
get into one thing and one for
real for
real
[Music]